[MRG] update release process and release notes (#1125)
dib-lab/sourmash: doc/release.md

git push --delete origin v${new_version}${rc}
```

3\. Upload wheels from GitHub Releases to PyPI

> [Travis will automatically build wheels and upload them to PyPI](https://travis-ci.com/github/dib-lab/sourmash/).

Reviewer: Not PyPI, it will upload them to GitHub Releases. PyPI upload is still manual.

(It is not hard to change that and upload to PyPI, tho)

Author: fixed in 63ed029

```
or download them manually.

Once you have them downloaded, upload them to PyPI like so:
```
twine upload *.whl
```
twine will correctly determine the version from the filenames.

4\. Once the wheels are uploaded, publish the new release on PyPI (requires an authorized account).
```
make dist
twine upload dist/sourmash-${new_version}.tar.gz
```

(This should be done *after* the wheels are available, because some of

> the conda package build steps require the wheels and are automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the conda package build steps require the source dist and are automatically
```

Author: I don't think this is correct tho? per https://github.com/dib-lab/sourmash/issues/874#issuecomment-578968033 when you trigger the bioconda package build with the update to PyPI, it fails. I thought this was b/c the wheels aren't available. Is it because sourmash-minimal isn't available?
